maps/koth_product_final.nav
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf/maps/koth_product_final.nav
maps/koth_product_final_level_sounds.txt
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\maps/koth_product_final_level_sounds.txt
models/weapons/c_models/trophy_platinum/trophy_platinum.mdl
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/weapons/c_models/trophy_platinum/trophy_platinum.mdl
models/weapons/c_models/trophy_platinum/trophy_platinum.dx80.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/weapons/c_models/trophy_platinum/trophy_platinum.dx80.vtx
models/weapons/c_models/trophy_platinum/trophy_platinum.dx90.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/weapons/c_models/trophy_platinum/trophy_platinum.dx90.vtx
models/weapons/c_models/trophy_platinum/trophy_platinum.sw.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/weapons/c_models/trophy_platinum/trophy_platinum.sw.vtx
models/weapons/c_models/trophy_platinum/trophy_platinum.vvd
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/weapons/c_models/trophy_platinum/trophy_platinum.vvd
materials/models/weapons/trophy_platinum/trophy_platinum.vmt
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/models/weapons/trophy_platinum/trophy_platinum.vmt
materials/models/weapons/trophy_platinum/trophy_platinum_color.vtf
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/models/weapons/trophy_platinum/trophy_platinum_color.vtf
materials/models/weapons/trophy_platinum/trophy_platinum_normal.vtf
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/models/weapons/trophy_platinum/trophy_platinum_normal.vtf
models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_06.mdl
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_06.mdl
models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_06.dx80.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_06.dx80.vtx
models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_06.dx90.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_06.dx90.vtx
models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_06.phy
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_06.phy
models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_06.sw.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_06.sw.vtx
models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_06.vvd
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_06.vvd
models/props_misc/dogbread_small.mdl
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_misc/dogbread_small.mdl
models/props_misc/dogbread_small.dx80.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_misc/dogbread_small.dx80.vtx
models/props_misc/dogbread_small.dx90.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_misc/dogbread_small.dx90.vtx
models/props_misc/dogbread_small.phy
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_misc/dogbread_small.phy
models/props_misc/dogbread_small.sw.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_misc/dogbread_small.sw.vtx
models/props_misc/dogbread_small.vvd
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_misc/dogbread_small.vvd
materials/Models/props_misc/dogbread_01b.vmt
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/Models/props_misc/dogbread_01b.vmt
materials/models/props_misc/dogbread_01b.vtf
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/models/props_misc/dogbread_01b.vtf
materials/Models/props_misc/dogbread_01.vmt
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/Models/props_misc/dogbread_01.vmt
materials/models/props_misc/dogbread_01.vtf
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/models/props_misc/dogbread_01.vtf
materials/models/props_misc/dogbread_01_normal.vtf
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/models/props_misc/dogbread_01_normal.vtf
materials/Models/props_misc/dogbread_01a.vmt
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/Models/props_misc/dogbread_01a.vmt
models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_10.mdl
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_10.mdl
models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_10.dx80.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_10.dx80.vtx
models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_10.dx90.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_10.dx90.vtx
models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_10.phy
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_10.phy
models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_10.sw.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_10.sw.vtx
models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_10.vvd
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_10.vvd
models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_06_mirrored.mdl
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_06_mirrored.mdl
models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_06_mirrored.dx80.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_06_mirrored.dx80.vtx
models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_06_mirrored.dx90.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_06_mirrored.dx90.vtx
models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_06_mirrored.phy
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_06_mirrored.phy
models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_06_mirrored.sw.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_06_mirrored.sw.vtx
models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_06_mirrored.vvd
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_06_mirrored.vvd
models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_07_mirrored.mdl
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_07_mirrored.mdl
models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_07_mirrored.dx80.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_07_mirrored.dx80.vtx
models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_07_mirrored.dx90.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_07_mirrored.dx90.vtx
models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_07_mirrored.phy
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_07_mirrored.phy
models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_07_mirrored.sw.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_07_mirrored.sw.vtx
models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_07_mirrored.vvd
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_07_mirrored.vvd
models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_10_mirrored.mdl
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_10_mirrored.mdl
models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_10_mirrored.dx80.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_10_mirrored.dx80.vtx
models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_10_mirrored.dx90.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_10_mirrored.dx90.vtx
models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_10_mirrored.phy
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_10_mirrored.phy
models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_10_mirrored.sw.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_10_mirrored.sw.vtx
models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_10_mirrored.vvd
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_10_mirrored.vvd
models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_07.mdl
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_07.mdl
models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_07.dx80.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_07.dx80.vtx
models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_07.dx90.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_07.dx90.vtx
models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_07.phy
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_07.phy
models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_07.sw.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_07.sw.vtx
models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_07.vvd
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_rocks/cliff_wall_07.vvd
models/props_product/corrugated_metal007.mdl
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_product/corrugated_metal007.mdl
models/props_product/corrugated_metal007.dx80.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_product/corrugated_metal007.dx80.vtx
models/props_product/corrugated_metal007.dx90.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_product/corrugated_metal007.dx90.vtx
models/props_product/corrugated_metal007.phy
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_product/corrugated_metal007.phy
models/props_product/corrugated_metal007.sw.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_product/corrugated_metal007.sw.vtx
models/props_product/corrugated_metal007.vvd
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_product/corrugated_metal007.vvd
models/props_product/corrugated_metal005.mdl
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_product/corrugated_metal005.mdl
models/props_product/corrugated_metal005.dx80.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_product/corrugated_metal005.dx80.vtx
models/props_product/corrugated_metal005.dx90.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_product/corrugated_metal005.dx90.vtx
models/props_product/corrugated_metal005.phy
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_product/corrugated_metal005.phy
models/props_product/corrugated_metal005.sw.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_product/corrugated_metal005.sw.vtx
models/props_product/corrugated_metal005.vvd
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_product/corrugated_metal005.vvd
models/props_product/corrugated_metal004.mdl
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_product/corrugated_metal004.mdl
models/props_product/corrugated_metal004.dx80.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_product/corrugated_metal004.dx80.vtx
models/props_product/corrugated_metal004.dx90.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_product/corrugated_metal004.dx90.vtx
models/props_product/corrugated_metal004.phy
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_product/corrugated_metal004.phy
models/props_product/corrugated_metal004.sw.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_product/corrugated_metal004.sw.vtx
models/props_product/corrugated_metal004.vvd
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_product/corrugated_metal004.vvd
models/props_product/corrugated_metal006.mdl
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_product/corrugated_metal006.mdl
models/props_product/corrugated_metal006.dx80.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_product/corrugated_metal006.dx80.vtx
models/props_product/corrugated_metal006.dx90.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_product/corrugated_metal006.dx90.vtx
models/props_product/corrugated_metal006.phy
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_product/corrugated_metal006.phy
models/props_product/corrugated_metal006.sw.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_product/corrugated_metal006.sw.vtx
models/props_product/corrugated_metal006.vvd
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_product/corrugated_metal006.vvd
models/props_product/stairs001.mdl
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_product/stairs001.mdl
models/props_product/stairs001.dx80.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_product/stairs001.dx80.vtx
models/props_product/stairs001.dx90.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_product/stairs001.dx90.vtx
models/props_product/stairs001.phy
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_product/stairs001.phy
models/props_product/stairs001.sw.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_product/stairs001.sw.vtx
models/props_product/stairs001.vvd
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_product/stairs001.vvd
materials/models/props_product/WOOD_BRIDGE001.vmt
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/models/props_product/WOOD_BRIDGE001.vmt
models/props_misc/the_orange_toolbox.mdl
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_misc/the_orange_toolbox.mdl
models/props_misc/the_orange_toolbox.dx80.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_misc/the_orange_toolbox.dx80.vtx
models/props_misc/the_orange_toolbox.dx90.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_misc/the_orange_toolbox.dx90.vtx
models/props_misc/the_orange_toolbox.phy
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_misc/the_orange_toolbox.phy
models/props_misc/the_orange_toolbox.sw.vtx
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_misc/the_orange_toolbox.sw.vtx
models/props_misc/the_orange_toolbox.vvd
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\models/props_misc/the_orange_toolbox.vvd
materials/models/props_misc/the_orange_toolbox.vmt
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/models/props_misc/the_orange_toolbox.vmt
materials/models/props_misc/the_orange_toolbox.vtf
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/models/props_misc/the_orange_toolbox.vtf
materials/NATURE/BLENDROCKGROUNDWALLFORESTVIADUCT.vmt
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/NATURE/BLENDROCKGROUNDWALLFORESTVIADUCT.vmt
materials/OVERLAYS/NO_ENTRY_SORT.vmt
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/OVERLAYS/NO_ENTRY_SORT.vmt
materials/NOSPLASH/WOOD_BRIDGE001.vmt
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/NOSPLASH/WOOD_BRIDGE001.vmt
materials/signs/bubblebobbler.vmt
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/signs/bubblebobbler.vmt
materials/signs/bubblebobbler.vtf
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/signs/bubblebobbler.vtf
materials/vgui/maps/menu_photos_koth_product_final.vmt
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/vgui/maps/menu_photos_koth_product_final.vmt
materials/vgui/maps/menu_photos_koth_product.vtf
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\materials/vgui/maps/menu_photos_koth_product.vtf
